# Yaqeen Express
Our Activities and Future Plan As Sundarban is very active it does diversify approach to cater to the mass in more ways than one. At the same time it does consider options whereby which it is able to address requirements of the people and to provide more options for them to avail down the road. In so doing it is able to actually come up with services that only it and a handful of companies may be able to provide. With destination roadmaps set, the team of Sundarban is able to set targets, milestones and are thus able to obtain achievements which are quite unique. However in the end of the day it is the people who benefit most from this. Their blessings are a reward to Sundarban.
Our main focus is to be actually provide flexibility in last mile coverage in more ways than one both in urban as well as in rural Bangladesh. For obtaining these achievements whatever is required will be accordingly done with the consent of the Management and the delegated teams will be given targets.

We have plans to move forward to focus on both the people, the corporates as well as means whereby which value added services can be added. The areas include products and services and mechanisms whereby which these can be provided and accordingly consolidation of the process and the settlement of the transaction against the process.
We are wish the with our ambitions to service the many we can achieve our aims to develop Bangladesh in ways which are unique.

Yaqeen Express Ltd has been expanding regularly on the basis of requirement and opportunities sought. Accordingly it has developed footprint throughout Bangladesh in each and every District and at the same time it is maintaining offices in may key areas besides the districts. This is a strategic plan for the Company to actually make itself available to all within their fingertips. With more than 100+ offices it has made its presence felt in the remotest of locations.
In addition to that it has expanded with nominated Agents which are 500+ throughout the Country. This has helped Sundarban to actually do strategic planning on the basis of requirements and at the same time ensure serviceability too all.

Besides these offices it has also maintains a strong team every whether supervising the operations and ensuring service standards to the mass. With its own team everywhere Sundarban has been able to handle one of the largest operations in this country with ease and harmony.
The infrastructure does have another entity in it. This is its fleet of vehicles and large delivery covered vans which strengthens itself on the overall to actually reduce interdependencies in the handling of the total logistics option which itself is a portion of the total management of the operation. The fleet itself also regularly increases considsering that the infrastructure demands are growing and growing considering that more intercity and intra-city services are very much a regular need especially with the introduction of services such as e-commerce in a massive scale throughout the Country.

